README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Enhanced wallet connect modal. Enhanced code style.

README.md, after:

# Web3 Dashboard Frontend

## Overview

This project is a frontend application for managing and tracking your favorite NFT and token projects. The application is built using Next.js, Zustand for state management, MUI for UI components, and Wagmi for wallet authentication.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Authenticate users via common Web3 options.
- **Project Management**: Manage and track token and NFT projects.


### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/edvardg/web3-dashboard-frontend.git
   cd web3-dashboard-frontend

2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
    npm install

3. **Create a `.env.local` file in the root of the project with the following content:**:
   ```env
    NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL=http://localhost:4000

4. **Run the development server:**:
   ```bash
    npm run dev

5. **Run the migrations**:
   ```bash
    npm run migration:run
    
6. **Start the application**:
    ```bash
   npm run start

Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the result.
